I give it 1 star, the food is really good, HOWEVER, I have had previous negative experiences with the customer service of their staff, ESPECIALLY with a member of their staff "PATRICIA" the only Patricia there who claims to be one of the managers. She is a very rude Salvadorean female with a stank attitude that should be fired, people have given many complaints about her on her rudeness & lack of customer service skills and 'til this day the owners haven't yet done anything about it (as in terminate her), someone is gonna end up whooping her a$$ someday if she keeps it up.

I almost, ALMOST got into a physical fight with PATRICIA one time on Wednesday *8/9/13* because she kept hanging up on me when I kept asking her for her name over the phone while she was taking my order, because she had an attitude. I showed up at the restaurant personally to find out who took my order and hung up on me, there were only 2 females working, one of them threw her under the bus, then PATRICIA tried to lie and say that "Patricia" wasn't her name. It all went downhill from there. PATRICIA was very unprofessional and even offered for me to FIGHT HER outside, THEN when she saw that sh*t was about to really hit the fan for real; she got scared and told me she was gonna call the police, I told her that I will give her a reason to call the police after I f**k her up. She ended up getting scared and running to the back, she never came back out again. I spoke to the manager about this incident and I even emailed the owner, but 'til this day that female still works there, how is that possible? Losing money because of her terrible customer service skills. Worst experience I've ever had.

Another thing, delivery often takes 50 minutes to ONE HOUR to arrive AND I'M IN THE SAME CITY, LESS THAN 10 MINUTES AWAY FROM THEM. They have a lot to improve on. They lost me as a customer, I am now a new customer of Taquer?a Montecristo in Somerville, they're are great and have a friendly staff. Maya Sol sucks. Read less
