I'm sure similar to most Yelpers first review, it takes EXCEPTIONALLY bad service to start leaving reviews!

I ordered with my colleagues on Friday at around noon. After about 2 hours since the order was placed through their website, the food arrived and my order was the only one missing (I should buy a lottery ticket today with my luck)!  I should also mention that my order was in no way complicated (Small Chicken burrito - no beans).

After everyone's generous gesture to offer me some of their orders, a colleague called the place back and informed them of their error. It seemed as if they were trying to convince us that WE were mistaken and miscounted - Quite the contrary. After two separate phone conversations, they admitted fault and said they would deliver my burrito along with a free soda to make amends.

About an hour later, my order arrived...in a brown paper bag. A BROWN PAPER BAG! While everyone else got their order in a neat plastic container so that their chips, salsa, and burrito/tacos/etc. were neatly presented, my burrito was tossed in a bag along with my chips. Even McDonald's presented their order with more respect! As opposed to having fries organized in a 'fypod' my chips were just scattered EVERYWHERE.

This is UNACCEPTABLE! It's bad enough that I had to wait 3, neigh 4 hours to eat my food now (because I am about to enter a company meeting and won't be able to eat until afterwards) but the blatant disrespect towards their customer after making a mistake themselves is just...no.

Oh, and the soda they gave me was a CAN of Grape Fanta! Not even a bottle, nor a common soda like Coke. What, was Grape Fanta the lowest-selling item at the restaurant and you thought this would be an opportune moment to balance out the lack of demand?!

Yes, I am reviewing this without having eaten the burrito yet. But this could be the BEST burrito I have ever had and I still won't be able to get over the TERRIBLE service and even WORSE compensation package. No amount of diabetic water in the world can make up for this experience.