A restaurant's success depends on establishing trust between the customer and the staff.  In this regard I have to report that the Tango management,( i.e. owner and staff) have utter disrespect for its clientele.  As a result I cannot recommend this restaurant as it lacks that holistic experience where the food, the service, the vibe conspire to produce a sublime gastronomic event.

What causes me to report this to you is the recent experience my wife and I had one Saturday night.  The evening started promisingly enough. We ordered the Fisherman's Stew which was thickened with sweet potatoes and flavored with shrimp and lobster.  We ordered the lamb chops and churrasco, two of our favorites as we are regular diners.

The food portions are ample and so we asked to take the lamb and steak home, as well as a small portion of our chocolate cake.  We really enjoyed the food and were looking forward to a second meal later in the week from the left overs.  When we got home we noticed that the lamb chops (2 ribs, nearly two thirds of our meal) was not included.  We understand that mistakes happen. Who hasn't brought home a doggie bag or take out only to discover some portion missing or incorrect?  It was the restaurant staff's reaction that was profoundly disturbing that surprised us.

We called the restaurant upon discovering the mistake and were suprised to be treated as scoundrals looking for some extra food. We were accused of not asking for the lamb chop to be packed and told that they would replace it this once but "never again".  Never have we've been treated so rudely and unprofessionally.

When we went back to pick up the wayward chop, we asked to speak with the owner, certain that he would be appalled that a frequent customer would be treated this way and would therefore make appends.  Wow.  We were told that many of his customers tried to cheat the restaurant by sending food back and asking for it to be cooked again to their liking.  So how was he to know that we were not trying to cheat him!  

In a way, I feel sorry for the owner.  The fact is that customers come to expect that they will received food the way they ordered it and when they ask for excess food to be packed for take-home they'll actually get all their food.  It is sad that the manager fundamentally mistrusts his customers and believes that they are out to cheat him.

To this end, it will be a long time, if ever, we return, due to this negative vibe. My experience is that what goes around comes around, and I feel sorry for Tango as it used to be a fine, professionally run establishment.