So, I love nachos.  

I have copious would-be yelp reviews in my head to verify this fact, but have yet to add them to my online review repertoire, so I don't blame anyone for not knowing this.  If you knew me, you'd know.  

I digress.  I just want you to know I have discriminating nacho taste, and I wouldn't steer you wrong.  In any case.

I waited to write this review in particular as I had only tried the place once, but have since ordered delivery and now feel qualified to speak on all kinds of subjects.  The first time I came I ordered chicken enchiladas, 2 pupusas, and arroz con leche (which, unfortunately, was not as creamy/thick as I like a rice pudding to be.)

The chicken enchiladas were edible, but underwhelming.  Just bare chicken inside a corn tortilla with melted cheese on top.  Is it too American of me to wish for enchilada sauce on my enchiladas? 

Pupusas = yummy.  No complaints here.  The curtido was marinated enough yet still crunchy enough to satisfy.  

All in all, 1st trip to Maya Sol, not so bad.  Kind of disappointing for about $18 spent on just my own food, but meh, I would go back and try something different.

This is where the nachos come in.  We ordered delivery for my birthday, so let's say my expectations were already super high.  I was really in the mood for some tacos, and again as an avid foodler, I was trying to rack up some stupid foodler gold bonus points.   Casting aside my doubts about their delivery service (read the other yelp reviews and believe them this time!) I optimistically thought that our food would arrive on time - around 8:20.  Granted, this was a Friday, but early-ish, and we live about 10 mins walking from this place.   9:30 rolls around and still no stinkin' tacos!!!!  

Finally our food showed up, and everything was stone ass cold (as I like to say).  We'd ordered a smattering of taco flavors, both in flaccid corn shells, and were rather disappointed with the chewy steak and super fatty pieces of pork pinched in.  I know this stuff is cheap, but I'd take slummy Allston food any day.  

The star of this show was really the nachos, though, as they were what I was most excited for.  Having been spoiled by Johnny at Habanero's in aforementioned slummy Allston, I had super high (birthday) hopes for these chips and cheese.  What came was a cold yet somehow still overcooked pile of chips with too-dark refried bean "sauce" and waaaayyy too much sour cream than is necessary on any pile of nachos, be they delicious or disgusting.  There was some guac, which I appreciated, but not enough cheese to even warrant a microwave heat-up salvaging.  

*sigh*

It was really bad.  The chicken on the nachos wasn't outright awful, but it certainly couldn't carry the whole plate into worthwhileness.  I will say, however, I did go for a bean and cheese pupusa, and they did not disappoint.  I could count on this place for just that, maybe, but I'm inclined to go see what the big yank is over at Taco Loco.  

Enough with the cliches and idioms.  Long story short (I had to add one more) maybe try Maya Sol if you are into the blander and colder side of Mexican cuisine. Pupusas: yes.  Everything else: probably not.