This restaurant can be summed up in one word: disappointing.

My party of 4 had a reservation for 8:30 pm this past Saturday night and we didn't get out of the restaurant until almost two hours later, not because we were there enjoying our dinner having a grand ol' time, but because our server never attended to us, and the kitchen took nearly 45 minutes to put out  overpriced, improperly cooked, mediocre tasting plates of food!

The appetizers: we ordered all of the meat empanadas, which were so-so in taste (I've had better), and we also ordered the carpaccio, which was DISGUSTING. For those who are unfamiliar with beef carpaccio, it's thinly sliced rare beef. However, this meat was so thin, it broke up into little fragments at the touch of your fork. Either 1) the meat was taken out, cut up super thin, then tossed back into the fridge to sit which would explain its terrible texture, or 2) the carpaccio is just BAD or 3) both. Additionally, it was topped with this weird, old, sour parmesan cheese that just left your mouth with this bile-like taste you would have after throwing up the morning after of mixing too many beers and hard alcohol together the night before.

The chimichurri skirt steak I ordered was bland in flavor and was just barely satisfactory. My brother ordered his ribs medium rare, and instead got it well-done so it was super chewy and tough. It was almost as if I was eating my dog's dinner. When we informed our server that the food was overdone, he kind of just shrugged it off and said "Thanks for letting me know". WHAT? No mention of "oh I'm sorry to hear that, can I get a new one for you? Would you like something else?" Nope nope nope. Oh and also to mention, this was probably the only second time our server came by our table.

When we asked for the manager to discuss how unhappy we were with our meals and service, the bar manager came to the table looking like a deer caught in the headlights. She didn't seem to care much but just apologized and said she would comp the well done ribs.

For a restaurant that is serving ~$30 entrees, I expect the food to correlate with the price and the service to reflect the restaurant it poses itself out to be.  Save your money, go to a better high end restaurant like Capital Grille to satiate your steak cravings with servers who ACTUALLY serve you.

Take note Tango... with this subpar food and service... I would not be surprised to see an episode of Restaurant: Impossible featuring your restaurant within the foreseeable future.