    Came here with some friends... one of them has been raving about this place for a while now, but he's not that much of a foodie so I had my doubts... turns out I was right to have my doubts!

The place is fairly large. Simple, rustic interior. There were some guitarists and a singer performing. They were ok, I just don't like live music while I eat. We were seated, orders taken, and we waited. It took our empanadas a while to arrive - maybe 20 minutes? But they were pretty good, so I guess they were worth the wait.

Now the entrees... took... FOREVER. After the empanadas we sat and waited for 30 minutes before asking the waitress why it was taking so long. She apologized and said "5 more minutes". We waited 20 more minutes and furiously called her over again to say we were leaving in 10 minutes (and we weren't even kidding). I think at this point she panicked and ran into the kitchen. 5 minutes later our food was out.

At that point the general train of thought at the table was - this better be REALLY good meat.

Among us we had churrasco a caballo (sirloin + fried eggs on the side), medallón a la pimienta (filet mignon with a pepper cream sauce), milanesa a caballo (breaded filet + eggs) and tira de asado (short ribs with chimichurri).

I can't speak for 2 others but my short ribs were nicely cooked. I wanted medium rare and the colour was perfect. BUT - it was supposed to have been seasoned with chimichurri while grilling. It tasted like it hadn't been seasoned with ANYTHING. Not even salt. Thank god for big bottle of chimichurri on the table. Mashed potatoes were decent, rice was bland and underseasoned (or not at all seasoned?)

Boyfriend's filet (milanesa) must have been whacked at least a million times with a really big heavy pan, it was SO thin all we could taste was the breading. How anyone can justify charging $25 for paper-thin meat that isn't seasoned is beyond me.

Bottom line - no one likes waiting an hour for their food... especially if the food is only so-so. Looking around the place it was clear to see other people were getting frustrated about not getting their meals in a timely fashion. I saw a lot of waiters bustling around apologizing to people... the apologies get old fast.