My Dad, Uncle and I were all in the Boston area at the same time so we decided to meet up for dinner. Arlington was a convenient location for all of us and the reviews for Tango looked intriguing so we headed there. 

We had a reservation and were seated right away. The restaurant was really empty, even considering it was a weeknight. 

We started off by ordering 1 of each of the Empanada's (Beef, Chicken, Veggie and Ham & Cheese) and share them as our appetizer. The Empanada's were awesome. We split them into thirds and tried each one. They were so good that we decided to order seconds of the Beef & Chicken. We were prepared to be in for a real treat based on that appetizer. 

Based on the Yelp reviews I decided to try the Entrana, one of Tango's Specialties. It is described as a Skirt Steak coated with Chimichurri sauce during grilling. I was a little unsure with it being skirt steak. 

Short Biology lesson, skirt steak comes from the diaphragm muscle and is the cut between the brisket and flank. It's a very flavorful cut, but not tender. It needs to be cooked correctly and more importantly cut correctly or can be VERY tough. Because of this most often the chef will pre-slice the skirt steak in case the customer doesn't know how. It is considered a more humble cut of meat (ie. cheaper) than the cuts commonly found in steakhouses (Filet, Strip, Rib-eye which come from the loins and ribs) 

Regardless of those concerns I went with Entrana. Unfortunately the steak came out not sliced (not a huge deal, I knew to cut across the grain) and possibly a little over cooked. Perhaps they were trying to braise it in the Chimichurri to make it more tender, but didn't pay enough attention? So my Entrana was pretty tough and it was also overwhelmed by the Chimichurri's flavors, which were good in moderation, but this was too much. It took away from the flavor of the skirt steak, which is the reason for using skirt steak. Why choose a flavorful cut of meat, if you're just going to mask it with the sauce? The size of the steak also left quite a bit to be desired. The meal wasn't terrible, it just wasn't good enough. 

Based on the meal alone, it was probably a 3 star experience with the appetizers making up for what the entree lacked. 

Tango is losing another star for the cost. At $27 the Entrana is as expensive as a 12oz NY Strip at Mid-Range Steakhouse in the Suburbs. Especially considering the small, low quality, cut of meat it's just not worth the cost. 

I wish Tango was better, maybe I'd go back. However, I don't see myself giving it a second chance.