Restaurant Week Review*

There really needs to be a separate listing for Restaurant Week reviews...some restaurants pull out all the stops, knowing this is the perfect opportunity to really get some great PR...and others seem to think if you are there for restaurant week, you aren't really worth serving.  Clearly, Tango was part of the latter for my visit.

I was very excited to try Tango.  I've seen the lines of people waiting for a table, heard tales of the melt-in-your-mouth cuts of meat, and smelled the glorious kitchen as I've walked by.  (Not to mention having read the many glowing reviews on Yelp!)  But oh, what a disappointment. 

Our party was seated quickly, and we were given ample time to review the drink menu before the waitress came over.  The wine list was a bit overpriced, but the cocktails seemed on par with what Arlington has decided to charge now that it can serve mixed drinks. We placed our drink orders....and waited.  It was 20 minutes between placing the orders and receiving our drinks...or even any water for that matter...and the restaurant was not in the least bit busy. Fearful that we would not see her again for an equally long stint, we placed our dinner orders from the restaurant week menu. There was enough variety available that you felt you were getting a nice overview of the offerings.

Another 20 minutes, and the appetizers arrived.  We had already gone through two baskets of bread at this point, and just wanted some real food.  My gazpacho was delicious, a hearty serving of perfectly prepared vegetables...but there was only one small empanada served for the others' appetizers!  I felt bad slurping away at my soup while they watched after having devoured the two bites. One piece does not equal an appetizer in my book.

Then the real disappointment...the entree's. All three steaks were not cooked to the order (several pieces were too rare to eat) and the meat was a poor cut.  The swordfish was not seasoned at all, although all of our sides were spiced and delicious.  The portions were quite large, but this did not make up for the lack of taste or quality. 

After well over two hours, we were just ready to leave, and picked at our desserts while paying the bill as quickly as we could.  I might come back to make sure this experience was the fluke it appears, but no guarantees.