Two stars are for the food.  Serioulsy, fantastic.  I have been here three or four times before and was never as wowed with the food as this occasion.  We all got filets, they were deivine.  Sides were small and unremarkable but acceptable when served meat like that.  They are losing three stars though because the services was god awful.  The worst I have ever received at any resteraunt ever.   I do not know if they were short staffed or just clueless, but you figure on a Saturday night they would be on their A game.  Where too begin:

We arrived about 15 minutes early for our reservation.  Decided to sit at the bar to get a drink. We proceed to sit there the whole time and be ignored.  The bartender poured someone some wine, sent a couple of text messages, and then just kept stacking glasses.  Nice job bro.  

The hostees (owner?) brought us too our table.  I refrenced on Open Table that it was two people's in our party, 30th, birthday's.  Not a mention from anyone at anytime of it throughout the night.  Good job with that too, I guess they do not celebrate such things there.

We then proceed to sit at our table before anyone comes over for another 15 or 20 minutes.   So we have been ignored going on a least a half hour total now.  Waitress finally shows up like nothing has happened,  we order everything at once cuz we have no idea when we will see her again.

10 minutes later finally get some bread.  She does not explain what the sauce is, and as past patron I know she should for some people in our party had never been there before.  10 minutes there after our drinks finally arrive.  Our food arrives, suprisingly quickly and again was very good for all steaks were cooked perectly.    We order another vase of Sangria.  Everyone's waters are empty, I ask for more, she refills mine and runs away and then has to be called over to refill someone elses.  There is no reason we should need to beg you for water, just bring a jug of it out and refill everyones at the same time. 

The vase of Sangria still has not arrived.  The bill comes and I notice it is on it.  When I asked her about it, it remarkable shows up two minutes later.  It is not like we wanted that with our dinner, or just taken off the bill. I guess we will chug it right before we leave. 

Then the kicker - to top all of this off, after leaving, a few hours later, I get a phone call from the waitress telling me that she 'left things off of my bill' and that I infact owe her more money.  Having no idea what she is talking about, finding it extremely rude that she would take the time to call me,  and chalking it up to her just being an idiot, I yell at her not to call me anymore and hang up.   I called a day later, spoke with the supposed manager who said she would look into and call me back.  Never got a return call.   So they were doing something shady. 

This place is not cheap and the level of service we receieved would not be acceptable at the Outback.  It saddens me to say I will not be returning here ever.