I went to Lolita's last night for the kick off to a bachelorette party and at so many points during the night I found myself itching to go home and write a review....
It's really really dark and has red lights so I guess that's cool if you're into the whole bordello chic look. We were seated and while our waitress was so nice and so friendly, she must have been new because any question we had, she had to ask a bartender or chef - fine but it added to the wait. We probably waited half an hour before we got any drinks, which were not great. I got a mojito and it was terrible and tasted like schnapps. We got two orders of guac which was pretty good and the trio of salsa was pretty good too. The main courses upset me. I ordered the pulled pork tacos, which the menu says they're seared crispy...what showed up on my plate was diced chunks of fatty pork, unseasoned pork. It was grey, too. I'm still borderline pissed off about it. It was disgusting, honestly - it should never have left the kitchen. I shared a chicken taco with a friend and while it was better, it was still a far cry from tasting good. Nothing tasted fresh or well seasoned. 
We were still eating our entrees when the waiters came over and took the chips, salsa and guac away! There was still plenty of guac left and we PAID for that! We were there for another hour atleast, why they took away food we paid for when it wasn't finished was just wrong. 
The gals wanted to order shots of tequila for the bride and a girl in our party had worked at a tequila bar before so she ordered a few shots of different tequilas that she knew to be good and they had none of them. Lolita's Cocina and Tequila bar, right? I guess not! They should call it "Lolita's Cocina and patron/1800 bar". 
I wanted to order dessert because people on yelp said they were good but while our waitress did pass out dessert menus, she didn't ask what we wanted till a solid half hour later, and by that point I just wanted to get out.
One of the more hilarious points of the night was one a young lady in our party asked for coffee and kaluah - the waitress had to check with the bartender, no lie two times to ask about it. The first time she came back and was like "we can give you a cocktail of patron xo, cinnamon liquor" and a few other things. the girl was like 'no thanks, i'll just take coffee and kaluah'. she came back again with more questions then finally she came back with a tin mug of coffee and a shot of kaluah and a glass...saying my pal would pour the coffee into the glass and then pour the shot in. why they didn't just mix it together at the bar like civilised human beings is beyond me. My friend asking for this coffee was literally blowing their minds apart. it was like we were bringing completely new ideas, shit they'd never heard of. when she came back with the glass, i was like YOU'VE GOT TO BE KIDDING ME. 
Don't go here, the drinks are weak, everything takes forever (except for clearing of plates) and who really wants a temporary tattoo at the end of the meal? Oh and the prices do not reflect the quality of the food. Poor quality, HIGH prices. But then again - why anyone pays a lot for "mexican" food is beyond me.
Save your money, go to dorado (for the tastiest, freshest tacos - and excelent customer service) or border cafe (great margs and the price is right) instead.

