The bartenders here have completely forgotten how to make their own drinks! 

I revisited Lolita last night and immediately ordered a glass of their delicious rojo sangria - the one with the tart little berries at the bottom of the glass. (They were the size of a cranberry, tart, and delicious! - Upon further inspection, these turned out to be cherries but NOT maraschino cherries.) When I saw the bartender fill the glass with grapes and raspberries, I asked him what had happened to the cranberries. He acted surprised and said that they never had cranberries. I asked him what the tiny tart little fruits were and he said he had no idea. 

Anyways, unsure of what those little fruits were, I dropped the subject and asked for a menu to do a little research. 

Anyways, it turns out that the bartender mixed up the rubio and the rojo sangria. The rojo sangria, according to the menu, is a mixture of red wine, jamaican tea, gran marnier, gold rum, canela, star anise, CHERRIES, and fresh citrus. 

The rubio is the one with rose wine, GRAPES, and RASPBERRIES AND it's supposed to be a LIGHT color. NOT RED. How can a bartender at a restaurant NOT know how to make a drink if the drinks are on the menu?? 

My friend went up to get the second round and I explained that I wanted cherries in my drink. Again, the bartender had no clue. In fact, no one who worked there did. After quite sometime, they came back with a bowl of MARASCHINO cherries, dropping three in my sangria. What the f? If i wanted artificially flavored cherries, I would have ordered a shirley temple. It would have been one thing if the sangria turned out to be good, but it wasn't. This new "mixture" was average and nothing to rave about. 

I'm not sure if this place is just poorly run but I have never been to a restaurant (or at least any half decent one) where the bartender doesn't know how to make the drinks on the menu. Between the poor management, terrible customer service, and now the drink mix ups, why would anyone go back?