Food -- great; Atmosphere -- great; Management -- TERRIBLE

And that's why we will not be going back. Ever.

I'm sorry, but if you treat your customers like crap, they will NOT be coming back. It really doesn't matter if everything else was good. I'd love to return to this place for their great food and unique atmosphere, but refuse to do so after being treated so poorly by the manager of this establishment.

We came here for a friend's birthday tonight and had a reservation for 8 people. Upon showing up, we notified the manager, Anthony, that two members of our party would be slightly late so that he could show them to us once they arrived. The first words out of his mouth -- "That's going to be a problem." From there on out, he spoke to us argumentatively and was unwilling to speak in a non-condescending tone. We simply wanted to make it so our friends could join us for dinner once they arrived and he was unapologetic and, frankly, confrontational throughout the conversation. It was out of bizarro world --- it was as if he was looking to pick an argument/fight with a customer just for the sake of it! We ended up taking a 6 person table and just asking the waitress to add a couple seats later on --- she was fine with it and did it without a problem.

The meal itself was very good and so was the service from our waitress.

Upon leaving, the head of our party went up to the manager to tell him that we enjoyed our meal but felt he might want to change his attitude towards customers should he expect them to return. Rather than be apologetic, he again escalated the situations and talked down to us. His attitude was palpable as he stated that the problem was "our issue." It was enough that the birthday girl in our group went to speak to him as well --- he was extremely rude to her as well.

I'm sorry, Lolita, but you really need to ditch your manager Anthony. You have a great idea, with great atmosphere, and great food --- but so long as you're MANAGER is giving customers lip, you won't be getting a lot of return business.