I had been to Masona once before my most recent visit, and all I really recalled from the first time was feeling like it didn't live up to the hype or the prices. But a friend wanted to go, and I thought I should give it another shot, so we went. I love the velvet curtains as you walk in and think the physical structure of the place is cool. That's where the positives end for me, though. Masona's website says there are "huge, vibrant" oil paintings on the walls. I only noticed one really, which was of a nude woman, and it just made me uncomfortable. imo displaying nude art is creepy to begin with, and in this case the nude seemed like a tasteless juxtaposition to the photos hanging nearby of the owner's three daughters as young girls. Just weird and offputting. The second negative for me was the serving station near the host stand. It was messy-looking and there was a wrapper or something on the floor in front of the station, which made the whole area look kind of dirty. So right away I was not really excited about this place. But we were seated right away and our waitress was really sweet. She was very warm and didn't seem annoyed that we weren't drinking that night, which I was glad about. Not as much fun not to have a drink, of course, but I was happy later when the bill arrived that we hadn't had alcohol. The bill was more than high enough as it was. 

We were given bread from Fornax in Roslindale Square which was very good. I ordered the quinoa and corn cakes appetizer and the rainbow trout. I make quinoa at home and was interested to see how a South American chef would prepare it. My friend ordered a Caesar salad and the surf and turf. 

The quinoa cakes were disappointing. Only two small cakes, lukewarm, served with salsa that was okay, but a cilantro pesto that was surprisingly bland. The Caesar salad was good. The rainbow trout was excellent, although the potatoes it was served on were too salty. My friend said the surf and turf was good too, although the meat was a bit dry. We asked for a dessert menu, which a male server brought over, but we waited so long for anyone to take our dessert order that we decided to skip it. We were also both feeling really cold towards the end of the meal, which was strange, since the waitress had said we were right over the heating vent.

I really want to love Masona. It's near my house and I like supporting local businesses (although I admit I wouldn't be there very often anyways because of the prices), but between the creepiness factor, the uneven quality of the food, and the high cost, I have absolutely no desire to go back.