Thanks Lolita's! Crappy service and mediocre food can only be made better by your waiter destroying my sweater AND coat! Couldn't be happier!

Monday night at Lolita's is taco night. They do a reasonable deal for all you can eat tacos ($7). They aren't bad for the price. They certainly aren't good, but for Boston and Tacos, you're doing pretty well. And drinks at Lolita's are quite delicious. Spicy + Margaritas = Win. All the time.

Unfortunately, the service was piss poor. Our waiter came by to take our order, and I ordered the Spicy Cucumber Margarita while my wife had her drink already from the bar. We both got the taco deal and were on our way. Chips were delicious, salsas were both good and meh.

We got our tacos about 15 minutes later. Bravo! Lukewarm meat, room temperature tortillas, and a smattering of salsa, sour cream, cheese and lettuce. Nothing to write home about, but not complaint worthy. The table next to us ordered after us and received their tacos at the same time as we did. They were happily enjoying beers and talking about whatever young Boston consultants like to drone on about.

After finishing my 3rd taco, I began to wonder: "Where is my Spicy Cucumber Margarita? Didn't I order that 45 minutes ago?". The waiter came by to ask if we wanted more tacos. Sure, why not. I might as well eat a few more tacos before I get my drink... Boy did I regret that.

The waiter brings by the tacos later, along with some more water. He proceeds to knock over the burning candle on our table, spilling wax all over my coat, pants, and sweater. I didn't notice at first, but upon realizing that I was covered in a white, waxy substance, I flagged him over and let him know that I was covered in wax.

"I'm sorry, that sucks."

Oh gee. Thanks! I didn't know! NOW I HAVE BEEN ENLIGHTENED! I will utilize this new found knowledge wisely, kind sir.

THEN he brought me my margarita. Perfect. Now I can get drunk on my displeasure with your inability to provide adequate service. Oh yeah, they charged me for everything.

So thank you, Lolita's. Your sub-par service is only matched by your sub-par attention to your customers. Fine, Monday is busy, but learn to serve your customers, skinny-white-hipster-beard-man. Your food on days other than Monday is good. So are your drinks. But putting up with your sh*t all over my clothes? Not worth the time, effort or money.

