Lolita has so much potential. The drinks are delicious and creative, the décor is cool and unique, but the management and employees need to GET IT TOGETHER. This is long, I apologize in advance, but figuring we started writing while sitting at the table, Ive got a lot to say.

Enter two friends who want to catch up, try a new restaurant, and have some drinks and nosh. First interactions with the young flighty hostesses leave us standing there awkwardly while three different people huddle around a seating chart bewildered. 5 or so minutes later, we're seated, cool, whatever. 

The waiter, an older gentlemen, brings us the amuse bouche of the grapefruit granita with free tequila on top. We use the little spoons to slurp tangy tequila into our mouths out of a bowl in dry ice. Interesting... onto the drinks menu.

We order the Spicy Cucumber Margarita and the Diablo Margarita to start (13$ each), they were both really, really good. I couldn't get enough of the cucumber and jalapeno mix, I woke up wanting a non-alcy version this morning, so refreshing. Free warm chips and 3 different salsas arrive, were drinking talking, munching, have been there a total of 8-12 minutes total, haven't even sipped the first drinks. This is where it got weird.

Waiter comes up and asks us what we want to order. We put in an order of the Ahi Tuna Tostada app to share (which was tasteless and overpowered by a super salty sauce.) He says "Have you looked at the rest of the menu?" We said "yea,  we'll start with the app" (Disclaimer: I love going out to eat, I like my meals slow, I don't want to be rushed, I want to order as I'm hungry, and share everything, especially at a place I've never been.) The waiter seems impatient, tells us "We want to put everything in at once, so do you want to look at it again?" or something to that effect, stands there waiting for us to pick up the menu and order, I think there was an eye roll thrown in or at least it felt like he was going to.

I tell him again "we'd like to just order slowly, after the appetizer gets here, we will order more." He says "Then just wave me down, hopefully I'll see you." And walks away. Um, what? There are 2 empty tables in our section, it was busy, but no line outside, I did not understand the rush, nor have I ever been made to feel so uncomfortable by the waiter. From that point on he wrote us off as a table he wasn't interested in, and every interaction after was belittling, condescending and awkward. 

We had planned to have multiple drinks, order a ton of different things to try and share, but we were just so turned off. Also, the dark suited men hastily running up and down the aisles seemed very odd, my friend referred to them as the 'secret service.'  We heard other waiters explain the 'specials' of the night, and going through the different and unique tequilas they had, and our waiter didn't tell us any of that.

I realize this is one experience with one waiter, maybe he was having a bad day, I understand this. I'll go back, but I'll sit at the bar. I really want to like this place, we had money to burn and hours to kill, but I want to spend my money somewhere that doesn't make me feel awkward or disrespected.  I'm voicing my opinion so that if management is being proactive, I hope they read this and are encouraged to strive for some consistency with their staff. 

PS: the 9$ guacamole is the CHEAPEST option, and I had better out of a packet from Shaws, and the music is so loud we were yelling across a table for two.